I didn't want to be a rock star and I
didn't want to be a movie star no
pictures please
I want to be a health-based culinary
expert a cook star and so can you
hi I'm Remy today and cook time memory
we're gonna prep and cook a very yummy
dish called colcannon okay first things
first
and not only will Uncle Tom with Joey is
that you always chapter their hands or
adult before you start cooking great
next it's very important wash your hands
before you start cooking food okay let's
get started okay we're making colcannon
I love eating colcannon cuz it tastes
great and it's healthy for you the next
thing we need to do is get our cooking
pots pans and bowls we'll also need to
have the ingredients to make full cannon
for this dish you'll need to have
cabbage Yukon Gold potatoes some green
onions low-fat milk parsley and some
salt and pepper
did you know that carriage has a natural
spicy flavour which makes it appealing
for a lot of dishes in Scotland cabbage
is called
a bouquet Oh and in Britain it's known
as a loaf after boiling my potatoes and
straining them I'm gonna put them back
into the pan to match
now I'm gonna add my milk and then you
want to mash them until they're smooth
and creamy which will take me a while
now that we've mashed our potatoes we're
being a pan of water to boil and then
we're going to add some cabbage then
we're gonna add some green onions and
some salt and pepper and then we're
gonna cover this and let it simmer for
about five to seven minutes now going to
move our potatoes is my mixing bowl and
I'm using an angled potatoes cause they
have a great flavor that's creamy and
buttery and you don't even have to peel
them so that's just another easy thing
pocket next we're going to add our
cabbage good and now when you use with
my favorite mixing technique folding and
it really just gets all the flavors
there oh wait my salt and pepper
now we're gonna continue holding
now car keys in here and you're using a
ice-cream scooper and it may look like
ice cream but it's not it's much
healthier
now bar garnish
yes infest parsley then there is your
beautiful coconut when you're cooking
it's very important to make sure your
ingredients measurements are right the
coping ingredients you use should always
be as fresh as possible your food tastes
best
remember the cup time rule you should
always have all five food groups when
eating at each meal cooking is fun and
the food you make should taste it and be
healthy for you now for my favorite part
the tasting that's really good
Yukon Gold potatoes really paid off
thanks for hanging out with me uncle
Charlie from me see you next time when
we'll be making sweet summer corn
succotash bye all kids should lead a
healthy active and officious life and we
all play a role educating young people
about healthy choices including the 16
million children at risk of hunger in
the u.s. joy means of EXO to help raise
awareness about the one in five kids for
at risk of hunger by visiting an online
Youth Action Center WWE no Kid Hungry -
org okay Eddie let's go
got his hat the gel is high okay hmm
okay okay that was more of a blob than
ice cream scoop